5-MINUTE LOOM SCRIPT — SCRAPING & AUTOMATION ENGINEER

0:00–0:20 INTRO

“Hi, my name is Mohammed Faiyaz, and today is October 1st, 2026.
This is a short technical demonstration of a Python and Playwright scraping system.
I’ll show asynchronous browser automation, bounded concurrency, isolated sessions, a proxy-management abstraction, retry and backoff handling, challenge detection, and structured JSON output.”

0:20–1:00 ARCHITECTURE

“This is the project structure. The scraper is separated into browser management, parsing, retry logic, proxy management, and orchestration.
The main design principle is to keep browser sessions isolated and concurrency bounded rather than launching unlimited browser instances.”

Show:
main.py
scraper/browser.py
scraper/proxy_manager.py
scraper/retry.py
scraper/parser.py
scraper/scraper.py

1:00–2:10 LIVE RUN

“Now I’ll run the scraper against an intentionally public scraping practice target.
The application creates multiple tasks, but a semaphore limits the number of active workers to three.
Each task gets its own BrowserContext, which gives it independent cookies and session state.”

Run:
python main.py

Point out the logs:
attempt number
worker/task execution
proxy selection or direct connection
successful extraction

2:10–2:50 CONCURRENCY

“The important part here is that the tasks are asynchronous. asyncio.gather schedules the jobs concurrently, while the semaphore prevents uncontrolled concurrency.
In a production system, this value would be configurable per target and constrained by infrastructure capacity and the target’s permitted rate.”

Show scraper.py.

2:50–3:30 SESSION + PROXY MANAGEMENT

“Playwright supports proxy configuration, and my ProxyManager abstracts the selection of authorized proxies.
I also create an independent browser context for each scraping task. That means cookies and session state are not unintentionally shared between workers.”

Show proxy_manager.py and browser.py.

“If proxy credentials are needed, they are supplied through environment variables and are not committed to source control.”

3:30–4:10 ANTI-BOT / CLOUDFLARE HANDLING

“For anti-bot and Cloudflare-style challenges, my approach is detection and graceful handling rather than bypassing an access-control mechanism.
The scraper checks for challenge indicators. If a challenge is detected, it records the failure, applies exponential backoff with jitter, retries according to policy, and eventually fails gracefully if the challenge persists.”

Show CHALLENGE_MARKERS and retry.py.

4:10–4:40 JSON OUTPUT

“After extraction, the records are normalized into structured JSON. This makes the scraper suitable as an upstream component for a database, API, analytics pipeline, or downstream data-processing system.”

Open output/results.json.

4:40–5:00 SCALING

“For production scale, I would place a scheduler or API in front of a task queue such as Redis or RabbitMQ, run multiple controlled workers, persist results in PostgreSQL or object storage, and add structured logging, metrics, rate limits, deduplication, checkpointing, and monitoring.
The goal is reliable, observable, and respectful automation rather than simply maximizing request volume.
Thank you.”
